hi and welcome back to hair with Hollie
so today I'm going to show you how to do
two gorgeous looks for shoulder length
hair weave one really sleek updo and a
sexy title to half updo too
to prac the hair just pop in a bit of
loose I'm using a spray mousse here it's
handy to get all the sections of the
hair so just get through kind of rub it
through all the layers underneath the
hair as well and this is just given a
bit of grip and a half of the curls stay
a bit longer
and brush it all through to make sure
you've covered all the hair so just
section off the hair kind of working
from ear to ear and pin the top half of
it away so you can get to curling the
bottom sections I'm just gonna curl
random sections here just to give it a
bit of movement so kind of every second
or third section just pop the Carolinas
and you can go you can curl in either
direction in both directions it does not
really uniform
once we finished at the bottom sections
like the top section down and curl two
or three intersections in all subjection
once you've curled the whole head or
sections of it run your fingers through
freaking up the curls and it kind of
gives it just a soft get a bit of
movement in there now for this look I'm
gonna pop a little bit of texturizing
just just along the crane if this kind
of just helps to mess up the look a bit
give it a bit of texture and a bit of
lift so all you can see you're getting a
bigger more volume there around the
sides just great if you have thinner
hair as well that kind of stops the Nina
put back on just make this look a little
bit special I'm gonna pin up some
sections towards the back of the head
just kind of given a bit of volume bit
of a lift then just update this dial
kind of great day tonight look so just
work in towards a bit of volume at the
back of the head you think whoever gets
the same color as your hair a nice bit
of volume there at the crane popping a
few flips in really helps hold the style
in place and will keep the hair from
going flat and just gives it a kind of
nice maxi updo look it does not to be
too polished finish it off with a bit of
hairspray and you're good to go now I'm
going to show you how you can transfer
out this look into a really sleek updo
so to transform this look it's going to
take out their clips it's great because
we have the curls and have the volume
which makes the hair so much easier to
work with so to section off we're gonna
keep the bangs or any longer layers that
you have at the front so put them to one
side and then take another section by
two inches or so wise kind of coming
from the top of your ear to cross and
pin that in place and then this here at
the top of the head at the kind of
crying is going to make up the volume of
our style so it's quite textured already
if you have a bit of texture just omit
has it curl so be so much easier to work
with I'm just gonna back home through
the lengths just like so working all the
way up to the tip so you're kind of
looking at little troll dolls into her
inspiration you want the hair to be able
to stand up on its own Hey
just like that and then just keep doing
that along the sides and down a bit
towards the back of the head as well
another make up the volume for our style
once you're happy they made to find your
have just roll it back so you want to
create kind like a cushion of hair that
we build up the volume so I think that's
good for us but if you want it bigger
pop it up higher in the crown if you
want it lower pull down lower whatever
you feel like
so roll it into kind of your like a kind
like a cross on shape so kind of big
enough with the middle taper and downs
and one of the sides once your anchor
the bump in place it's a lot easier to
work with you can choose you know gonna
higher lower okay so turn it around like
a fan
and then pin the bits in place when's
your half to go to shape so you want my
kind of good fan just like that
take a template of what your style is
gonna look like we're gonna come in lips
a little bit of hairspray hang a Kraken
then take the fresh hair give it a bit
of a brush I'm just gonna back home and
every so slightly at the root just so
it's able to stand up and get up and
over this style and just brush it back
so you got a really sleek finish I'm
just gonna pin all that in place there's
some curvy grips with the remaining hair
we're just gonna bring it off to the
anchor point working with the natural
texture in the natural curl that we have
so you've kind of like a messy of the
two at the back taking piece of hair I'm
just gonna roll them off just like so
and then pin them in place aiming
towards the anchor point is a guy's can
pin any way you want like if you want
something a bit of speaker and go for a
kind of sideburn or you can even leave a
dime whatever you feel like
so just keep taking same size sections
rolling them up towards the tips until
you beautiful all the hair
once you're happy at the back we're
going to some rank difference with the
sections we put away at the start take
them down
so you can see they still have a bit of
a natural curl to them from our earlier
style just brilliant it's gonna work fit
that curl fish in the hair kind of back
towards the back to the style okay you
get kind of nice soft tendrils that kind
of thing the face I'm see the exact same
thing on the other side once you're
happy
finish the whole lot after a good lot of
hairspray so there you have a guys -
super easy looks to do on children care
if you've any suggestions for stars
you'd like to see don't get up comments
in the box below and I'll see you next
week